Fix DNS watcher from clearing known endpoints on lookup failure (#7698)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Querier: Fix parquet queryable fallback returning a nil error instead of the actual query error in `LabelValues` and `LabelNames`. #7638
* [BUGFIX] Storage: Default the Azure `endpoint_suffix` to `blob.core.windows.net` instead of empty. Cortex builds the Thanos Azure config directly and bypasses Thanos' default, so an unset suffix produced an invalid FQDN (`<account>.`) and components hung on startup with DNS errors. #5449
* [BUGFIX] Store Gateway: Fix misleading "no index cache backend addresses" validation error being reported for chunks-cache, metadata-cache, and parquet caches when their memcached or redis backend is configured without addresses. The message is now the cache-type-agnostic "no cache backend addresses". #7675

> * [BUGFIX] DNS: Fix DNS watcher from dropping resolved addresses on transient lookup failures. #7698

Reviewer: I think this is too broad.

we need something like:
```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Querier/Query Frontend: Fix DNS watcher dropping all query-frontend/scheduler worker connections on a transient DNS lookup failure. #7698
```
